Talk about the games route here for
Another rock muse starts there if you are
looking for is to buy a ssd you know
this to greatly enhance performance
from the machine you can expect one more
A little bit to buy an id sd from amd km
already manufacturing video cards at
processor factory will now start to
to do is well in partnership with oss tz
every job is working language she you
gmdss of oz and was bought by toshiba
recently and are now doing these
amd partnerships like to put the brand
in some high-end products.
performance now if you want memory already
is going to sp now so it can be
a good product to keep an eye on if you
want to leave the boot and the load
faster applications on your machine
investing in smb manufactured by zte is good
or very good and neither in the second news of the
day is about the 2015 foot that was confirmed
in the Brazilian ration of ti luiz and mauro
betty was to start now from the day
28 four then so feet gave a fall
fifa took off but from the narration
Brazilian and I still have the duo
silvio luiz and mauro bessa luís is not
those who use the band jammil year in
mean is that you're putting Go Go
to walk at the time if you invest in James
leifert parraga ribeira is from the fifa cara
baby do not you be curious, man.
game of jerk conclusion there on the street but
It's cool the manja man even understood and
cool he has a good line that they
already make garrisons more people the ball a
movie né ii the cool part is that the
konami will reshape the game plus one
instead they are already tired of
do this and it's not working but the
producer promised that they will once again
try and try to pick up the heel of the
fifa that took off is 100 years already being
the best football game and we'll see if
The pet came so close to the end, let's go.
come on and the third and last news
For you, what's this company is?
google lecce and do not wait to test
this new technology google will sell
the time has come the google will sell
on the 15th and only on the 15th in the United States
for those who want to buy google apps
so is there a link one?
where you can sign up who is
putting in the description if you have
any relative or friend in the states
United has sent the tap that has 1,500
dollars to pay for the screens left over
buy light google you can go there
sign up and tell us and then
how is the experience in this device
in glass's opinion will be the most
Stolen in Rio de Janeiro
for me they dolly exam does not exist is
there google today is he gone
also fell attendance if you
have real-time streaming will pick up
every individual is true and that works
police fbi investigated cell phones
very expensive start very soon after
everyone has in practice more to
see the look on the floor and but is this is the
our third google episode to
episodes of radio days stays here
Do not forget to give the joinha a comment.
in the video and a hug next to the people